what's up guys this video is all about
why cold outreach doesn't work for most
people and it is not a problem with cold
outreach the number of things by the way
that i keep hearing are dead linkedin is
dead females dead
all of it dies but it still works if you
do it right and it has more to do with
the overall strategy and approach and
less to do with the actual medium like
somehow people think that if they a
person goes from linkedin to facebook to
email they suddenly become a different
person rarely is that true uh there may
be little nuances of the platform that
are different but you're still
connecting with people and as long as
you're working with people things that
work on people will work on people and
they'll work on people for a hundred
years so let's talk about those things
for those of you guys who don't know me
already by the way my name is frankie
finn i wrote the book beyond the agency
box since 2007 i've built three of my
own agencies up to 100 plus clients and
i've helped hundreds of people worldwide
to live the whole agency beach laptop
lifestyle i got my kids with me over
there just keeping an eye on them
they're naked playing in the sand as
only toddlers can do so let's get into
the good stuff
[Music]
alright i created this video because a
lot of y'all [__] do cold
outreach and there's nothing worse by
the way in cold outreach not even when
people tell you no
but you just straight up get ghosted you
send messages and you send messages and
nobody responds and you seem like you're
getting nowhere and you don't even know
really what the [__] you're doing wrong
well let me tell you somebody who
receives a lot of cold outreach the
biggest thing that most people do wrong
by the way
is thinking that it is a magic script
that is going to unlock the wallet and
therefore they're trying to come up with
the perfect sales message and really all
you're trying to do is come up with the
perfect
opener you're actually just trying to
open a conversation not to make the sale
in a single leap and bound and by the
way you can go to the sale in like two
or three steps so what that means is
most people are as a result having these
mistake number one
copy and paste like brutal [__]
messages that are really obviously
copied and paste and it is so much more
powerful to take 10 seconds to click on
somebody's profile and write something
specific i'll tell you like when people
write me if they're just like buy my
latest [__] backlinks package or
whatever gets ignored but if they start
it with hey i just read your book
blah blah blah 100 of the time those
messages get read and i can see from the
preview sentence in gmail
uh which way they went so this is such a
key because if you go straight to the
buy my [__]
hey i just met you
and this is crazy
so here's my number now buy my [__]
[Music]
that song is catchy by the way that song
straight fire thank you to the wonderful
lady on fiverr who sang that for me
so if you go straight to the buy my [__]
people are gonna ignore you especially
if it's a generic copy and paste by my
[__] second reason by the way that most
people get ignored
and this is because
their offer sounds more like a take than
a give it basically if you decode it
would be like give me money because i
want you to give me money instead of
like hey i would love to do this thing
for you you'd be amazed that like when
you do things for other people as your
opener like hey i'd love to interview
you or i'd love to run this campaign for
you i'd love to give you this thing i
thought of this thing that might help
you you'd be amazed that suddenly like
people are interested in hearing it
right so so much of why people struggle
in cold outreach mistake number two is
they're trying to take they're sending
generic copy and paste [__] and saying
take right it's like when you you know i
know you guys have better services than
that and better deliverables but it
doesn't sound all that different than
like the viagra [__] who've
been spamming us for the last you know
20 years since i've been online if i
just searched the word viagra my hotmail
which is 20 years old
that would be a dangerous [__] place
mistake number three with cold outreach
and i kind of hinted at it earlier
is thinking because there's a magic
script that the idea is to close in a
single message it is not
the point of outreach is to open a
dialogue that is in the direction of a
sale right so if you compare this kind
of relationship there's a difference
between uh walking up to somebody like
and saying like hey um
you know
nice weather we're having and and saying
hey i thought you were really pretty are
you single right like obviously the
one's a little more aggressive and
forward but it's gonna lead in the
direction of potentially having some
kind of you know romantic relationship
or something like that as where the
other one feels kind of bait and switchy
right so i get people who ask me hi how
are you doing and i know as soon as i
answer they're just going to copy and
paste some sales thing like how would
you like to join my group of amazing
all right so
if you stay away from thinking that
you're supposed to do it in a single
message you can do it like two or three
by the way but the idea is to open in
the direction of the sale like for
example when
we're looking for people who you know
like do motorcycle cases we might just
say something like hey do you guys
handle motorcycle cases sounds so
amazingly simple but you'd be amazed at
how much the simple [__] really works
especially if you personalize that to
them i said i saw your personal injury
for him you guys been doing 20 years
looks like you handled a lot of great
cases do you do any motorcycle cases
right that is far more likely to get
open than like
copy and paste even though it's the same
basic thing like buy my motorcycle case
thing it's amazing right so you want to
focus on doing stuff
that opens the door and then think about
like two or three steps later how you
can make the sale because they have to
not just for your own sake but they have
to admit they need it for themselves you
stay away from those three things where
it's generic copy and paste
where it's like a take and where you're
trying to make the sale in a single leap
and bound you'll find that most of your
outreach works like even today on all
the platforms that everybody says are
dead we can send like a handful of
messages usually less than 10 and get
half of those [__] or more to
reach out and say okay i'm interested um
so it's not as hard as most people make
it where most people make it hard is in
doing one of those three things so i
hope it's helpful to you i hope that
will help you guys who've been
struggling a little bit with this to
break through
because it's better to send
10 messages to one person and do it
strategically somebody who's really
really important in your business than
it is to just copy and paste 100
messages to people that go nowhere get
you ghosted and then you can't figure
out what the [__] you even did wrong so
that's all i got for you guys my zelda b
is covered in sand and coming to me
i'd love to hear from you guys your
experience with cold outreach what's
working for you
what's not um
just share a little bit of your
experience so we can make this stuff
better i'd love to hear more of what you
guys are doing so we can make some
future videos on those things and if
you're not already subscribed make sure
to subscribe and leave a comment about
your damn cold outreach experience or
i'm gonna have to
go angry papa on you i'm just messing
with you guys i love you anyways that's
all i got may the force be with you
[Music]